really Franco painted this dream world
around us and I saw this idea of a house
made of water
the inshalla the Mont Blanc got your old
home I saw how your Milan tiger
and I call to try to explain this pro
yet I think the people they don't
believe me you have to have the vision
not idea you have to have a vision
coming from deep from you you know and
you express it
the city of dreams does not necessarily
need to have a project which is
ambitious as this one and the meeting of
these two men has been a mutual
investment an artistic production low
and so he has made an amazing investment
and so is an investor I'm very happy
that he's invested as years the
challenges have been enormous and he's
been right there on the top of the top
of the top of the list its Lawrence
Lawrence Pau my friend and partner
because he is supportive first he wanted
this and he's is supportive until the
end of the process which is fantastic
this was an enormous challenge put
together a cast of 80 people they come
from 25 different nationalities
extremely difficult because they are kid
they are all shaped the same body some
are dancers some are acrobat the most
important muscle for a performer its
imagination
if I could be inside that brain I can't
be I can only sort of throw ideas at him
and then let him his imagination is so
insane and then he goes so far beyond as
we're in that state of maybe a state of
suspense with the breath gets held at
the top oh that woman that moment is
pure beauty this is completely different
to any other show because normally you
move into an existing theater put the
show in yet do the rehearsals and then
it's a theater that's already running
this is a building built to put a single
show in I mean I don't know if that's
ever been done
it is a we call it a water-based show
well because there's a pool but there's
also a stage which is dryness also the
hair so if you look at the cross-section
of the theater the water comprises
one-third of the building this is a very
austere environment you know up in the
air underwater its various time so we
need to have all the people everywhere
to take care of the security of
everybody great I'm level 6 where we
load from and then you see the platform
move out from underneath you and you're
looking down it's very high it's scary
the acrobats have a different mandate
they are at such a level of elitism in
their performance art that it becomes a
question of life or death if they're not
paying attention safety is paramount for
whatever we're doing we're doing very
dangerous things and the other really
big things is that if you feel unsafe or
you're not sure about something you
don't do it you stop the level 5 we have
a cruciform you've got 40 winches on top
of that we also have vertical winches
that go up and down and there's various
types there's there's pieces for people
to fly out on which high-speed winches
some of these go up to eight meters a
second so we can really have people just
fly out we can also bring them in looks
like they're coming into freefall
downstairs we have a system of hydraulic
hoses pipes and pumps electric pumps
there are some of the largest in the
world those pumps are used for aircraft
carriers to launch jet fighters the lift
system
it's consisted of mechanical and
hydraulic oil platforms they operate up
and down the center lift can lift about
65 tons and the other lifts can lift
about 25 to 30 tons of weight and they
can catch people under and crush them
the accounting system got sixty three
pumps feed by four hundred volts the
nozzle who goes at 70 meters are quite
powerful and quite dangerous me she was
really to design the system protecting
the performers audit report may be both
of us here is our latina makayley
workflow Laura Lee comes I love Peggle
turtle gonna carry bag of food and
bottle on a fade release oh my god for
the heck of a hot news that is me
where I am younger the other wouldíve is
you know I don't know if I have to come
back to Spain I'm to see glam come come
come come come see the show will tell
this to the audience
these people are feeling good together
it's a kind of sub language that exists
in any human collective adventure
you know if you can bring a little of
happiness in everyday life of people
it's great
you